Slash Commands and Interactions (#2295)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/interactions/Slash_Commands.md

data = {
    "content": "Congrats on sending your command!"
}
r = requests.post(url, data)
```

> info
> Interaction `tokens` are valid for **15 minutes** and can be used to send followup messages.

## Followup Messages

Sometimes, your bot will want to send followup messages to a user after responding to an interaction. Or, you may want to edit your original response. You can use the following endpoints to do so:

- `PATCH /webhooks/<interaction_id>/<interaction_token>/messages/@original` to edit your initial response to an Interaction
- `POST /webhooks/<interaction_id>/<interaction_token>/messages` to send a new message
- `PATCH /webhooks/<interaction_id>/<interaction_token>/messages/<message_id>` to edit a message sent with that `token`

Interaction tokens are valid for **15 minutes**, meaning you can respond and update to a Slash Command within that amount of time.

## Security and Authorization

If you are receiving Interactions via outgoing webhook, there are some security steps you **must** take before your app is eligible to receive requests. The internet is a scary place, especially for people hosting open, unauthenticated endpoints.

> Every Interaction is sent with a `x-signature-ed25519` header. The header includes an encryption key and a timestamp. Using your favorite security library of choice, you **must validate this signature header each time to you receive an interaction**. If the signature fails validate, respond with a `400` error code.

Reviewer: Does this have to be 400 or can it be 401?

Author: Good question--I'll ask night this morning.

Author: Funny enough, we actually are fine with anything not-2XX. But we'll change this to say 401 for API cleanliness.

```

> info
> Interaction `tokens` are valid for **15 minutes** and can be used to send followup messages.

## Followup Messages

Sometimes, your bot will want to send followup messages to a user after responding to an interaction. Or, you may want to edit your original response. You can use the following endpoints to do so:

- `PATCH /webhooks/<interaction_id>/<interaction_token>/messages/@original` to edit your initial response to an Interaction
- `DELETE /webhooks/<interaction_id>/<interaction_token>/messages/@original` to delete your initial response to an Interaction
- `POST /webhooks/<interaction_id>/<interaction_token>/messages` to send a new message
- `PATCH /webhooks/<interaction_id>/<interaction_token>/messages/<message_id>` to edit a message sent with that `token`

Interaction tokens are valid for **15 minutes**, meaning you can respond and update to a Slash Command within that amount of time.

## Security and Authorization

If you are receiving Interactions via outgoing webhook, there are some security steps you **must** take before your app is eligible to receive requests. The internet is a scary place, especially for people hosting open, unauthenticated endpoints.

> Every Interaction is sent with an `x-signature-ed25519` header. The header includes an encryption key and a timestamp. Using your favorite security library of choice, you **must validate this signature header each time to you receive an interaction**. If the signature fails validate, respond with a `401` error code.

Reviewer: I think we should elaborate here on what exactly is required. eg.
> We send `x-signature-timestamp` and `x-signature-ed255191`. Concatenate the timestamp with the request body and validate that message against the signature

Author: The newest docs have some sample code in there now!

Interaction tokens are valid for **15 minutes**, meaning you can respond and update to a Slash Command within that amount of time.

## Security and Authorization

> info
> Check out our [Community Resources](#DOCS_TOPICS_COMMUNITY_RESOURCES/interactions) for libraries to help you with security in your language of choice

The internet is a scary place, especially for people hosting open, unauthenticated endpoints. If you are receiving Interactions via outgoing webhook, there are some security steps you **must** take before your app is eligible to receive requests.

Every Interaction is sent with the following headers:

- `X-Signature-Ed25519` as a signature
- `X-Signature-Timestamp` as a timestamp

Using your favorite security library, you **must validate the request each time to you receive an interaction**. If the signature fails validate, respond with a `401` error code. Here's a couple code examples:

```js
// This example uses the nobe-ed25519 node package
// MY_CLIENT_PUBLIC_KEY for your app can be found on the General Information page for your app in the Dev Portal

 const signature = req.get('X-Signature-Ed25519');
 const timestamp = req.get('X-Signature-Timestamp');

>  const isValidRequest = await verifyKey(req.rawBody, signature, timestamp, 'MY_CLIENT_PUBLIC_KEY');

Reviewer 2: let's recommend tweetnacl since it's more popular and has been audited.

```
const nacl = require('tweetnacl');

const PUBLIC_KEY = 'APPLICATION_PUBLIC_KEY';

const signature = req.get('X-Signature-Ed25519');
const timestamp = req.get('X-Signature-Timestamp');
const body = req.rawBody; // rawBody is expected to be a string, not raw bytes

try {
   const isVerified = nacl.sign.detached.verify(
    Buffer.from(timestamp + body),
    Buffer.from(signature, 'hex'),
    Buffer.from(PUBLIC_KEY, 'hex')
  );
  if (!isVerified) {
    throw new Error('invalid signature');
  }
} catch (error) {
  return res.status(401).end(`invalid request signature: ${error.message}`);
}
```

 if (!isValidRequest) {
   return res.status(401).end('Bad request signature');
 }
 ```

```py
# This example uses the pynacl python package
# MY_CLIENT_PUBLIC_KEY for your app can be found on the General Information page for your app in the Dev Portal

signature = request.headers["X-Signature-Ed25519"]
timestamp = request.headers["X-Signature-Timestamp"]

> if not verify_key(request.data, signature, timestamp, 'my_client_public_key'):

Reviewer 2: let's update this example to demonstrate raw pynacl usage:

```
from nacl.signing import VerifyKey
from nacl.exceptions import BadSignatureError

PUBLIC_KEY = 'APPLICATION_PUBLIC_KEY'

verify_key = VerifyKey(bytes.fromhex(PUBLIC_KEY))

signature = request.headers["X-Signature-Ed25519"]
timestamp = request.headers["X-Signature-Timestamp"]
body = request.data

try:
    verify_key.verify(f'{timestamp}{body}'.encode(), bytes.fromhex(signature))
except BadSignatureError:
    abort(401, 'invalid request signature')
```

# Slash Commands

Slash Commands are the new, exciting way to build and interact with apps on Discord.

With Slash Commands, all you have to do is type `/` and you're ready to use your favorite bot. Users can learn everything your bot does and easily find new features as you add them. Validation, error states, and helpful UI walks them through your commands, meaning they can get it right the first time, especially on mobile. You now have one more ally in the fight against your phone's autocorrect.

Slash Commands set your users up for success instead of confusion and frustration. They separate how users think and how your code works, meaning no matter how complex your codebase and commands may get, people who love your bot will find it approachable and easy to use.

Let's get started!

## A Quick Note on Limits

In this documentation you'll find some notes about limits and caps on certain parts of Slash Commands. At a high level, they are as follows:

> - An app can have up to 50 global commands

Reviewer 3: what counts towards this limit? 50 top level commands or, do groups and subcommands count towards this as well?

Author: 50 top-level commands. I think there's a max of subcommands and groups that should be documented as well

```py
@app.route('/', methods=['POST'])
def my_command():
    if request.json["type"] == 1:        
        return jsonify({
            "type": 1
        })
    
    else:
        return jsonify({
            "type": 4,
            "data": {
                "tts": False,
                "content": "Congrats on sending your command!",
                "embeds": [],
                "allowed_mentions": []
            }
        })
```

If you are receiving Interactions over the gateway, you will **also need to respond via HTTP**. Responses to Interactions **are not sent as commands over the gateway**.

To respond to a gateway Interaction, make a `POST` request like this. `interaction_id` is the unique id of that individual Interaction from the receieved payload. `interaction_token` is the unique token for that interaction from the received payload. **This endpoint is only valid for Interactions received over the gateway. Otherwise, respond to the `POST` request.**

```py
url = "https://discord.com/api/v8/interactions/<interaction_id>/<interaction_token>/callback"

json = {

>     "type": 1,

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
    "type": 4,
```

my bad; type 1 doesn't make sense here

                    "description": "Edit permissions for a user",
                    "type": 1,
                    "options": [
                        {
                            "name": "user",
                            "description": "The user to edit",
                            "type": 6,
                            "required": true
                        },
                        {
                            "name": "channel",
                            "description": "The channel permissions to edit",
                            "type": 7,
                            "required": false
                        }
                    ]
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            "name": "role",
            "description": "Get or edit permissions for a role",
            "type": 2,
            "options": [
                {
                    "name": "get",
                    "description": "Get permissions for a role",
                    "type": 1,
                    "options": [
                        {
                            "name": "role",
                            "description": "The role to get",

>                             "type": 6, // 8 is type ROLE

Reviewer 3: sending type 6 when the comment and name are for type 8 role

                            "required": true
                        },
                        {
                            "name": "channel",
                            "description": "The channel permissions to get",
                            "type": 7,
                            "required": false
                        }
                    ]
                },
                {
                    "name": "edit",
                    "description": "Edit permissions for a role",
                    "type": 1,
                    "options": [
                        {
                            "name": "role",
                            "description": "The role to edit",

>                             "type": 6, // 8 is type ROLE

Reviewer 3: same thing here

                            "required": true
                        },
                        {
                            "name": "channel",
                            "description": "The channel permissions to edit",
                            "type": 7,
                            "required": false
                        }
                    ]
                }
            ]
        }
    ]
}
```

And, done! The JSON looks a bit complicated, but what we've ended up with is a single command that can be scoped to multiple actions, and then further scoped to a particular resource, and then even _further_ scope with optional arguments. Here's what it looks like all put together.

![A command with grouped subcommands and parameters. It says /permissions user get with arguments for a user and a channel.](command-with-groups-subcommands-parameters.png)

## Endpoints

> info
> For authoriation, all endpoints take either a bot token or client credentials token for your application

## Get Global Application Commands % GET /applications/{application.id}/commands

> Fetch all of the global commands for your application. Returns a list of [ApplicationCommand](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_SLASH_COMMANDS/application-command) objects.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Fetch all of the global commands for your application. Returns an array of [ApplicationCommand](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_SLASH_COMMANDS/application-command) objects.
```

## Create Global Application Command % POST /applications/{application.id}/commands

> danger
> Creating a command with the same name as an existing command for your application will overwrite the old command.

> Create a new global commands. New global commands will be available in all guilds after 1 hour. Returns `200` and an [ApplicationCommand](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_SLASH_COMMANDS/application-command) object.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Create a new global command. New global commands will be available in all guilds after 1 hour. Returns `200` and an [ApplicationCommand](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_SLASH_COMMANDS/application-command) object.
```

###### JSON Params

| Field       | Type                                                                                              | Description                    |
|-------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------|
| name        | string                                                                                            | 3-32 character command name    |
| description | string                                                                                            | 1-100 character description    |
| options?    | array of [ApplicationCommandOption](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_SLASH_COMMANDS/application-command-option) | the parameters for the command |

## Edit Global Application Command % PATCH /applications/{application.id}/commands/{id}

> Edit a global commands. Updates will be available in all guilds after 1 hour. Returns `200` and an [ApplicationCommand](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_SLASH_COMMANDS/application-command) object.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Edit a global command. Updates will be available in all guilds after 1 hour. Returns `200` and an [ApplicationCommand](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_SLASH_COMMANDS/application-command) object.
```

###### JSON Params

| Field       | Type                                                                                              | Description                    |
|-------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------|
| name        | string                                                                                            | 3-32 character command name    |
| description | string                                                                                            | 1-100 character description    |
| options?    | array of [ApplicationCommandOption](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_SLASH_COMMANDS/application-command-option) | the parameters for the command |

## Delete Global Application Command % DELETE /applications/{application.id}/commands/{id}

> Deletes a global commands. Returns `204`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Deletes a global command. Returns `204`.
```

## Get Guild Application Commands % GET /applications/{application.id}/guilds/{guild.id#DOCS_RESOURCES_GUILD/guild-object}/commands

> Fetch all of the global commands for your application. Returns a list of [ApplicationCommand](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_SLASH_COMMANDS/application-command) objects.

Reviewer 5: This shouldnt say "global commands" as its the guild commands

> Fetch all of the global commands for your application. Returns a list of [ApplicationCommand](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_SLASH_COMMANDS/application-command) objects.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Fetch all of the global commands for your application. Returns an array of [ApplicationCommand](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_SLASH_COMMANDS/application-command) objects.
```

## Create Guild Application Command % POST /applications/{application.id}/guilds/{guild.id#DOCS_RESOURCES_GUILD/guild-object}/commands

> danger
> Creating a command with the same name as an existing command for your application will overwrite the old command.

> Create a new global commands. New global commands will be available in all guilds after 1 hour. Returns `200` and an [ApplicationCommand](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_SLASH_COMMANDS/application-command) object.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Create a new guild-specific command. Returns `200` and an [ApplicationCommand](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_SLASH_COMMANDS/application-command) object.
```

###### JSON Params

| Field       | Type                                                                                              | Description                    |
|-------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------|
| name        | string                                                                                            | 3-32 character command name    |
| description | string                                                                                            | 1-100 character description    |
| options?    | array of [ApplicationCommandOption](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_SLASH_COMMANDS/application-command-option) | the parameters for the command |

> ## Edit Guild Application Command % PATCH /applications/{application.id}/guilds/{guild.id#DOCS_RESOURCES_GUILD/guild-object}/commands

Reviewer 5: shouldnt this have `/{id}` at the end?

> Edit a global commands. Updates will be available in all guilds after 1 hour. Returns `200` and an [ApplicationCommand](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_SLASH_COMMANDS/application-command) object.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Edit a guild-specific command. Returns `200` and an [ApplicationCommand](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_SLASH_COMMANDS/application-command) object.
```

> Edit a global commands. Updates will be available in all guilds after 1 hour. Returns `200` and an [ApplicationCommand](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_SLASH_COMMANDS/application-command) object.

Reviewer 5: same here, this shouldnt say "global commands", and the updates shouldnt take 1 hour either.

###### JSON Params

| Field       | Type                                                                                              | Description                    |
|-------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------|
| name        | string                                                                                            | 3-32 character command name    |
| description | string                                                                                            | 1-100 character description    |
| options?    | array of [ApplicationCommandOption](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_SLASH_COMMANDS/application-command-option) | the parameters for the command |

## Delete Guild Application Command % DELETE /applications/{application.id}/commands/{id}

> Deletes a guild commands. Returns `204` on success.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Deletes a guild-specific command. Returns `204` on success.
```

In many cases, you may still need a bot user. If you need to receive gateway events, or need to interact with other parts of our API (like fetching a guild, or a channel, or updating permissions on a user), those actions are all still tied to having a bot token. However, if you don't need any of those things, you never have to add a bot user to your application at all.

Welcome to the new world.

## Authorizing Your Application

There is a new special OAuth2 scope for applications called `applications.commands`. 

> danger
> **In order to make Slash Commands work within a guild, the guild must authorize your application with the `applications.commands` scope. The `bot` scope is not enough.**

When requesting this scope, we "shortcut" the OAuth2 flow similar to adding a bot. You don't need to complete the flow, exchange for a token, or any of that.

If your application does not require a bot user within the guild for its commands to work, **you no longer need to add for the bot scope or specific permissions**. To clarify this point even more:

> > danger
> > If your application only talks to Discord through creating Slash Commands and responding to Interactions, and does not use any other part of our API, **you no longer need to request the bot scope**.

Reviewer 4: why is this a danger? an info is probably better

```suggestion
> info
> If your application only talks to Discord through creating Slash Commands and responding to Interactions, and does not use any other part of our API, **you no longer need to request the bot scope**.
```

To make a **guild** Slash Command, make a similar HTTP POST call, but scope it to a specific `guild_id`:

```py
import requests

url = "https://discord.com/api/v8/applications/<my_application_id>/guilds/<guild_id>/commands"

json = # ...
```

This command will only be available within the guild that you specified.

> warn
> Guild commands update **instantly**. We recommend you use guild commands for quick testing, and global commands when they're ready for public use.

## Updating and Deleting a Command

Slash Commands can be deleted and updated by making `DELETE` and `PATCH` calls to the command endpoint. Those endpoints are

- `applications/<my_application_id>/commands/<command_id>` for global commands, or
- `applications/<my_application_id>/guilds/<guild_id>/commands/<command_id>` for guild commands

Because Slash Commands have unique names within a scope, we treat `POST` requests for new commands as upserts. That means **making a new command with an already-used name for your application will update the existing command**.

Full documentation of endpoints can be found in [Endpoints](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_SLASH_COMMANDS/endpoints).

## Receiving an Interaction

> When a user completes a Slash Commands, your app will receive an **Interaction**. Your app can receive an interaction in one of two ways:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
When a user uses a Slash Command, your app will receive an **Interaction**. Your app can receive an interaction in one of two ways:
```

```py
@app.route('/', methods=['POST'])
def my_command():
    if request.json["type"] == 1:        
        return jsonify({
            "type": 1
        })
```

You'll also need to properly set up [Security and Authorization](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_SLASH_COMMANDS/security-and-authorization) on your endpoint for the URL to be accepted. Once both of those are complete and your URL has been saved, you can start receiving Interactions via webhook! At this point, your app will **no longer receive Interactions over the gateway**. If you want to receive them over the gateway again, simply delete your URL.

An Interaction includes the `data` that the user sent in the command, as well as some metadata. It looks like this:

```js
{
    "type": 2,
    "token": "A_UNIQUE_TOKEN",
    "member": { 
        "user": {
            "id": 53908232506183680,
            "username": "Mason",
            "avatar": "a_d5efa99b3eeaa7dd43acca82f5692432",
            "discriminator": "1337",
            "public_flags": 131141
        },

>         "roles": [539082325061836999],

Reviewer 6: Shouldn't this role snowflake be a string? When I looked at the request body I got when executing an interaction, the snowflake was a string.

## Responding to an Interaction

Interactions--both receiving and responding--are webhooks under the hood. So responding to an Interaction is just like sending a webhook request!

When responding to an interaction received **via webhook**, your server can simply respond to the received `POST` request. You'll want to respond with a `200` status code (if everything went well), as well as specifying a `type` and `data`, which is an object with parameters the same as [Execute Webhook](#DOCS_RESOURCES_WEBHOOK/execute-webhook):

```py
@app.route('/', methods=['POST'])
def my_command():
    if request.json["type"] == 1:        
        return jsonify({
            "type": 1
        })
    
    else:
        return jsonify({
            "type": 4,
            "data": {
                "tts": False,
                "content": "Congrats on sending your command!",
                "embeds": [],
                "allowed_mentions": []
            }
        })
```

If you are receiving Interactions over the gateway, you will **also need to respond via HTTP**. Responses to Interactions **are not sent as commands over the gateway**.

> To respond to a gateway Interaction, make a `POST` request like this. `interaction_id` is the unique id of that individual Interaction from the receieved payload. `interaction_token` is the unique token for that interaction from the received payload. **This endpoint is only valid for Interactions received over the gateway. Otherwise, respond to the `POST` request.**

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
To respond to a gateway Interaction, make a `POST` request like this. `interaction_id` is the unique id of that individual Interaction from the received payload. `interaction_token` is the unique token for that interaction from the received payload. **This endpoint is only valid for Interactions received over the gateway. Otherwise, respond to the `POST` request.**
```

                        {
                            "name": "role",
                            "description": "The role to edit",
                            "type": 8,
                            "required": true
                        },
                        {
                            "name": "channel",
                            "description": "The channel permissions to edit",
                            "type": 7,
                            "required": false
                        }
                    ]
                }
            ]
        }
    ]
}
```

And, done! The JSON looks a bit complicated, but what we've ended up with is a single command that can be scoped to multiple actions, and then further scoped to a particular resource, and then even _further_ scope with optional arguments. Here's what it looks like all put together.

![A command with grouped subcommands and parameters. It says /permissions user get with arguments for a user and a channel.](command-with-groups-subcommands-parameters.png)

## Endpoints

> info
> For authoriation, all endpoints take either a bot token or client credentials token for your application

> ## Get Global Application Commands % GET /applications/{application.id}/commands

Reviewer 4: `{application.id}` should probably link to the application object; would be good to merge #1838 first so its in a better place

also can application data in READY be documented? would be useful for libs/old bots implementing this feature

Author: Funny enough I think we only document the application object as a response to the GET endpoint. Probably need to refactor that a bit

Reviewer 4: the interaction response & followup message endpoints weren't linked, looks like they don't have the {}

| description | string                                                                                            | 1-100 character description    |
| options?    | array of [ApplicationCommandOption](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_SLASH_COMMANDS/application-command-option) | the parameters for the command |

## Delete Guild Application Command % DELETE /applications/{application.id#DOCS_TOPICS_OAUTH2/application-object}/guilds/{guild.id#DOCS_RESOURCES_GUILD/commands/{command.id#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_SLASH_COMMANDS/application-command}

Delete a guild command. Returns `204` on success.

## Create Interaction Response % POST /interactions/{interaction.id#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_SLASH_COMMANDS/interaction}/{interaction.token#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_SLASH_COMMANDS/interaction}/callback

Create a response to an Interaction from the gateway. Functions the same as [Execute Webhook](#DOCS_RESOURCES_WEBHOOK/execute-webhook)

## Edit Original Interaction Response % PATCH /webhooks/application.id/{interaction.token#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_SLASH_COMMANDS/interaction}/messages/@original

Edits the initial Interaction response. Functions the same as [Edit Webhook Message](#DOCS_RESOURCES_WEBHOOK/edit-webhook-messages).

> # Delete Original Interaction Response % DELETE /webhooks/application.id/{interaction.token#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_SLASH_COMMANDS/interaction}/messages/@original

Reviewer 4: both the delete headers are level 1 instead of level 2 
```suggestion
## Delete Original Interaction Response % DELETE /webhooks/application.id/{interaction.token#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_SLASH_COMMANDS/interaction}/messages/@original
```

Deletes the initial Interaction response. Returns `204` on success.

## Create Followup Message % POST /webhooks/application.id/{interaction.token#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_SLASH_COMMANDS/interaction}

Create a followup message for an Interaction. Functions the same as [Execute Webhook](#DOCS_RESOURCES_WEBHOOK/execute-webhook)

## Edit Followup Message % PATCH /webhooks/application.id/{interaction.token#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_SLASH_COMMANDS/interaction}/messages/{message.id#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/message-object}

Edits a followup message for an Interaction. Functions the same as [Edit Webhook Message](#DOCS_RESOURCES_WEBHOOK/edit-webhook-messages).

> # Delete Followup Message % DELETE /webhooks/application.id/{interaction.token#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_SLASH_COMMANDS/interaction}/messages/{message.id#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/message-object}

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
## Delete Followup Message % DELETE /webhooks/application.id/{interaction.token#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_SLASH_COMMANDS/interaction}/messages/{message.id#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/message-object}
```

| channel_id | snowflake                         | the channel it was sent from                            |
| member     | GuildMember                       | guild member data for the invoking user                 |
| token      | string                            | a contintuation token for responding to the interaction |
| version    | int                               | read-only property, always `1`                          |

\* This is always present on `ApplicationCommand` interaction types. It is optional for future-proofing against new interaction types

###### InteractionType

| Name               | Value |
|--------------------|-------|
| Ping               | 1     |
| ApplicationCommand | 2     |

###### ApplicationCommandInteractionData

| Field   | Type                                             | Description                       |
|---------|--------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------|
| id      | snowflake                                        | the ID of the invoked command     |
| name    | string                                           | the name of the invoked command   |

> | options | array of ApplicationCommandInteractionDataOption | the params + values from the user |

Reviewer 8: Shouldn't it be like this?

```suggestion
| options? | array of ApplicationCommandInteractionDataOption | the params + values from the user |
```

```py
url = "https://discord.com/api/v8/interactions/<interaction_id>/<interaction_token>/callback"

json = {
    "type": 4,
    "data": {
        "content": "Congrats on sending your command!"
    }
}
r = requests.post(url, json=json)
```

> info
> Interaction `tokens` are valid for **15 minutes** and can be used to send followup messages.

## Followup Messages

Sometimes, your bot will want to send followup messages to a user after responding to an interaction. Or, you may want to edit your original response. You can use the following endpoints to do so:

- `PATCH /webhooks/<application_id>/<interaction_token>/messages/@original` to edit your initial response to an Interaction
- `DELETE /webhooks/<application_id>/<interaction_token>/messages/@original` to delete your initial response to an Interaction
- `POST /webhooks/<application_id>/<interaction_token>` to send a new followup message
- `PATCH /webhooks/<application_id>/<interaction_token>/messages/<message_id>` to edit a message sent with that `token`

> danger

> > Interactions webhooks share the same rate limit properties as normal webhooks

Reviewer 4: maybe give some info about this?

|-------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------|
| name        | string                                                                                            | 3-32 character command name    |
| description | string                                                                                            | 1-100 character description    |
| options?    | array of [ApplicationCommandOption](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_SLASH_COMMANDS/applicationcommandoption) | the parameters for the command |

## Delete Guild Application Command % DELETE /applications/{application.id#DOCS_TOPICS_OAUTH2/application-object}/guilds/{guild.id#DOCS_RESOURCES_GUILD/commands/{command.id#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_SLASH_COMMANDS/applicationcommand}

Delete a guild command. Returns `204` on success.

## Create Interaction Response % POST /interactions/{interaction.id#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_SLASH_COMMANDS/interaction}/{interaction.token#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_SLASH_COMMANDS/interaction}/callback

> Create a response to an Interaction from the gateway. Functions the same as [Execute Webhook](#DOCS_RESOURCES_WEBHOOK/execute-webhook)

Reviewer 4: this does **not** function the same as execute webhook, should link to the Interaction Response section at the bottom

## Delete Original Interaction Response % DELETE /webhooks/application.id/{interaction.token#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_SLASH_COMMANDS/interaction}/messages/@original

Deletes the initial Interaction response. Returns `204` on success.

## Create Followup Message % POST /webhooks/application.id/{interaction.token#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_SLASH_COMMANDS/interaction}

Create a followup message for an Interaction. Functions the same as [Execute Webhook](#DOCS_RESOURCES_WEBHOOK/execute-webhook)

## Edit Followup Message % PATCH /webhooks/application.id/{interaction.token#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_SLASH_COMMANDS/interaction}/messages/{message.id#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/message-object}

Edits a followup message for an Interaction. Functions the same as [Edit Webhook Message](#DOCS_RESOURCES_WEBHOOK/edit-webhook-message).

## Delete Followup Message % DELETE /webhooks/application.id/{interaction.token#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_SLASH_COMMANDS/interaction}/messages/{message.id#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/message-object}

Deletes a followup message for an Interaction. Returns `204` on success.

## Data Models and Types

## ApplicationCommand

> > danger
> > A command, or each individual subcommand, can have a maximum of 10 `options`

Reviewer 4: these are also better as info imo

```suggestion
> info
> A command, or each individual subcommand, can have a maximum of 10 `options`
```

| Field          | Type                                                                                              | Description                         |
|----------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------|
| id             | snowflake                                                                                         | unique id of the command            |
| application_id | snowflake                                                                                         | unique id of the parent application |
| name           | string                                                                                            | 3-32 character name                 |
| description    | string                                                                                            | 1-100 character description         |
| options?       | array of [ApplicationCommandOption](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_SLASH_COMMANDS/applicationcommandoption) | the parameters for the command      |

## ApplicationCommandOption

> > danger
> > You can specify a maximum of 10 `choices` per option

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
> info
> You can specify a maximum of 10 `choices` per option
```

| ChannelMessageWithSource | 4     | respond with a message, showing the user's input                  |
| ACKWithSource            | 5     | ACK a command without sending a message, showing the user's input |

###### InteractionApplicationCommandCallbackData

Not all message fields are currently supported.

| Name              | Value            | Description                                                                                 |
|-------------------|------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| tts?              | bool             | is the response TTS                                                                         |
| content           | string           | message content                                                                             |
| embeds?           | array of embeds  | supports up to 10 embeds                                                                    |
| allowed_mentions? | allowed mentions | [allowed mentions](#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/allowed-mentions-object) object                  |

> | flags             | int              | acceptable values are [message flags](#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/message-object-message-flags) |

Reviewer 4: this can only be used to set the EPHEMERAL flag; probably shouldn't document it at all if ephemeral messages arent being documented

# Slash Commands

Slash Commands are the new, exciting way to build and interact with apps on Discord.

> With Slash Commands, all you have to do is type `/` and you're ready to use your favorite bot. Users can learn everything your bot does and easily find new features as you add them. Validation, error states, and helpful UI walks them through your commands, meaning they can get it right the first time, especially on mobile. You now have one more ally in the fight against your phone's autocorrect.

Reviewer 9: > Validation

This is probably feature-level, but will there be something where you can for example return a 400 status code if the arguments are wrong as a sort of lower-level validation? Type-based validation doesn't roll by when you have for example a bot that rolls a six sides and you have to choose one. (ignore how this could just be a choice argument in the current implementation)

Author: We don't have a way for passing non-200 back to the user because we assume it's your API telling Discord that something failed, not necessarily bad user input. It's a bit counterintuitive but we generally expect you to return 200 w/ an error to a user.

Definitely feature request-able and can be re-written as such tomorrow.

- An app can have up to 10 subcommand groups on a top-level command
- An app can have up to 10 subcommands within a subcommand group
- `choices` can have up to 10 values per option
- commands can have up to 10 `options` per command
- Limitations on [command names](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_SLASH_COMMANDS/registering-a-command)
- Limitations on [nesting subcommands and groups](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_SLASH_COMMANDS/nested-subcommands-and-groups)

These are the limits and caps for the initial release, but **they can be subject to change with your feedback.** If you would like to leave feedback about Slash Commands--limits, features, or otherwise--please open a ticket on our [Github Issue Tracker](https://github.com/discord/discord-api-docs/issues) using the `Slash Commands` template.

## What is a Slash Command

A **Slash Command** is a command that you register for your application. They're made up of a name, description, and a block of `options`, which you can think of like arguments to a function. The name and description help users find your command among many others, and the `options` validate user input as they fill out your command.

> Your commands are available in every guild that adds your application. You can also make commands for a specific guild; they're only available in that guild.

Reviewer 9: Might want to specify only global commands will be available to every guild, even if it is sort of specified right after.

In your application in the Developer Portal, there is a field on the main page called "Interactions Endpoint URL". If you want to receive Interactions via outgoing webhook, you can set your URL in this field. In order for the URL to be valid, you must be prepared for two things ahead of time:

> info
> These steps are only necessary for webhook-based Interactions. It is not required for receiving them over the gateway.

1. Your endpoint must be prepared to ACK a `PING` message
2. Your endpoint must be set up to properly handle signature headers--more on that in [Security and Authorization](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_SLASH_COMMANDS/security-and-authorization)

If either of these are not complete, we will not validate your URL and it will fail to save.

When you attempt to save a URL, we will send a `POST` request to that URL with a `PING` payload. The `PING` payload has a `type: 1`. So, to properly ACK the payload, return a `200` reponse with a payload of `type: 1`:

```py
@app.route('/', methods=['POST'])
def my_command():
    if request.json["type"] == 1:        
        return jsonify({
            "type": 1
        })
```

> You'll also need to properly set up [Security and Authorization](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_SLASH_COMMANDS/security-and-authorization) on your endpoint for the URL to be accepted. Once both of those are complete and your URL has been saved, you can start receiving Interactions via webhook! At this point, your app will **no longer receive Interactions over the gateway**. If you want to receive them over the gateway again, simply delete your URL.

Reviewer 9: Do you receive them _immediately_ or after you restart your bot's gateway?

Author: Immediately

            "username": "Mason",
            "avatar": "a_d5efa99b3eeaa7dd43acca82f5692432",
            "discriminator": "1337",
            "public_flags": 131141
        },
        "roles": ["539082325061836999"],
        "premium_since": null,
        "permissions": "2147483647",
        "pending": false,
        "nick": null,
        "mute": false,
        "joined_at": "2017-03-13T19:19:14.040000+00:00",
        "is_pending": false,
        "deaf": false 
    },
    "id": "786008729715212338",
    "guild_id": "290926798626357999",
    "data": { 
        "options": [{
            "name": "cardname",
            "value": "The Gitrog Monster"
        }],
        "name": "cardsearch",
        "id": "771825006014889984" 
    },
    "channel_id": "645027906669510667" 
}
```

An explanation of all the fields can be found in our [data models](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_SLASH_COMMANDS/data-models-and-types).

Now that you've gotten the data from the user, it's time to respond to them.

## Responding to an Interaction

Interactions--both receiving and responding--are webhooks under the hood. So responding to an Interaction is just like sending a webhook request!

> When responding to an interaction received **via webhook**, your server can simply respond to the received `POST` request. You'll want to respond with a `200` status code (if everything went well), as well as specifying a `type` and `data`, which is an object with parameters the same as [Execute Webhook](#DOCS_RESOURCES_WEBHOOK/execute-webhook):

Reviewer 9: As @advaith1 has pointed out for another section, this should probably point to the Interaction Response data type at the bottom, which is mentions "Not all message fields are currently supported."

```py
@app.route('/', methods=['POST'])
def my_command():
    if request.json["type"] == 1:        
        return jsonify({
            "type": 1
        })
    
    else:
        return jsonify({
            "type": 4,
            "data": {
                "tts": False,
                "content": "Congrats on sending your command!",
                "embeds": [],
                "allowed_mentions": []
            }
        })
```

If you are receiving Interactions over the gateway, you will **also need to respond via HTTP**. Responses to Interactions **are not sent as commands over the gateway**.

> To respond to a gateway Interaction, make a `POST` request like this. `interaction_id` is the unique id of that individual Interaction from the received payload. `interaction_token` is the unique token for that interaction from the received payload. **This endpoint is only valid for Interactions received over the gateway. Otherwise, respond to the `POST` request.**

Reviewer 9: I'm not sure about the wording on this, as it makes it seem like you cannot use REST to send a message when using the outgoing webhook - you can though, seeing that "Create Followup Message" and whatnot are a thing.

In specific:
> Otherwise, respond to the `POST` request.

Author: I added a bit to the start of the followup messages section that I think helps clarify this.

json = {
    "type": 4,
    "data": {
        "content": "Congrats on sending your command!"
    }
}
r = requests.post(url, json=json)
```

> info
> Interaction `tokens` are valid for **15 minutes** and can be used to send followup messages.

## Followup Messages

Sometimes, your bot will want to send followup messages to a user after responding to an interaction. Or, you may want to edit your original response. You can use the following endpoints to do so:

- `PATCH /webhooks/<application_id>/<interaction_token>/messages/@original` to edit your initial response to an Interaction
- `DELETE /webhooks/<application_id>/<interaction_token>/messages/@original` to delete your initial response to an Interaction
- `POST /webhooks/<application_id>/<interaction_token>` to send a new followup message
- `PATCH /webhooks/<application_id>/<interaction_token>/messages/<message_id>` to edit a message sent with that `token`

> info
> Interactions webhooks share the same rate limit properties as normal webhooks

Interaction tokens are valid for **15 minutes**, meaning you can respond and update to a Slash Command within that amount of time.

> ## Security and Authorization

Reviewer 9: To prevent a replay attack (hah, as if that would happen over https), should we validate the timestamp is fewer than `n` seconds old? Is there a `n` such that Discord guarantees the request will arrive within said `n` seconds?

Author: @night would probably be a better answer for that. I think that in doing the signature validation, you should be guaranteed that it's fine, but I'm not the security expert 😄

try:
    verify_key.verify(f'{timestamp}{body}'.encode(), bytes.fromhex(signature))
except BadSignatureError:
    abort(401, 'invalid request signature')
```

If you are not properly validating this signature header, we will not allow you to save your interactions URL in the Dev Portal. We will also do automated, routine security checks against your endpoint, including purposefully sending you invalid signatures. If you fail the validation, we will remove your interactions URL in the future and alert you via email and System DM.

We highly recommend checking out our [Community Resources](#DOCS_TOPICS_COMMUNITY_RESOURCES/interactions) and the two libraries found there. They not only provide typing for Interactions data models, but also include decorators for API frameworks like Flask and Express to make validation easy.

## Subcommands and Subcommand Groups

> warn
> Currently, subcommands and subcommand groups all appear at the top level in the command explorer. This may change in the future to include them as nested autocomplete options.

For those developers looking to make more organized and complex groups of commands, look no further than subcommands and groups.

> **Subcommands** organize your command by **specifying actions within a command or group**.

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
**Subcommands** organize your commands by **specifying actions within a command or subcommand group**.
```

> **Subcommand Groups** organize your **subcommands** by **grouping commands by similar action or resource within a command**.

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
**Subcommand Groups** organize your **subcommands** by **grouping subcommands by similar action or resource within a command**.
```

These are not enforced rules. You are free to use subcommands and groups however you'd like; it's just how we think about them.

> danger

> > Using subcommands or subcommand groups will make your base command unusable. You can't access the base `/permissions` if you also have `/permissions add | remove` as subcommands or subcommand groups

Reviewer 9: Given it is stated that the UI might change so the subcommands are on a single command, will this still hold true.

Author: Technically yes but maybe the wording isn't the best. If you have `/permissions add | remove`, then `/permissions` by itself will never be a valid command. I'll think about the wording.

### Nested Subcommands and Groups

A quick note on nested subcommands and groups. We support nesting one level deep within a group, meaning your top level command can contain subcommand groups, and those groups can contain subcommands. **That is the only kind of nesting supported.** Here's some visual examples:

```
VALID

command
|
|__ subcommand-group
    |
    |__ subcommand
|
|__ subcommand-group
    |
    |__ subcommand

-------

INVALID

command
|
|__ subcommand-group
    |
    |__ subcommand-group
|
|__ subcommand-group
    |
    |__ subcommand-group

----

INVALID

command
|
|__ subcommand
    |
    |__ subcommand-group
|
|__ subcommand
    |
    |__ subcommand-group
```

### Example Walkthrough

> Let's look at an example. Let's imagine you run a moderation bot. You want to make a `/permissions` command that can do the following:

Reviewer 9: Let's imagine you want to know whether a user has a role called "Muted" and you don't have the id. Whoops, you cannot do that with the current system.

^ Just me trying to remind you that whenever you add smarter tokens (if smarter tokens means more perms) to also give roles or something. Given that Discord is pushing commands to be stateless, this is a requirement (especially since you might not have a bot in a guild to keep track of the roles).

Author: Well, a few things:

> you cannot do that with the current system.

If you still need permissions within the guild, you should still be using a bot user. I even explicitly stated that at the start of the docs.

> add smarter tokens (if smarter tokens means more perms) to also give roles or something. 

When I offhandedly mentioned smarter tokens, we're actually thinking more than this. What if the interaction token was a short-lived token scoped to the _user's_ permissions? So if I want to, say, create a channel via a bot, the bot wouldn't have to worry about its own permissions _and_ checking the user. It could just take the interactions token and hit the API and get a response without needing any permissions of its own.

^ that's all blue sky right now but an idea :)

Past this, let's talk in feature requests and comments off this PR tomorrow.

- Get the guild permissions for a user or a role
- Get the permissions for a user or a role on a specific channel
- Change the guild permissions for a user or a role
- Change the permissions for a user or a role on a specific channel

We'll start by defining the top-level information for `/permissions`:

```js
{
    "name": "permissions",
    "description": "Get or edit permissions for a user or a role",
    "options": []
}
```

![A command with no arguments. It says /permissions](command.png)

> Now we have a command named `permissions`. We want this command to be able to affect users roles. Rather than making two separate commands, we can use subcommand groups. We want to use subcommand groups here because we are grouping commands on a similar resource: `user` or `role`.

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
Now we have a command named `permissions`. We want this command to be able to affect users and roles. Rather than making two separate commands, we can use subcommand groups. We want to use subcommand groups here because we are grouping commands on a similar resource: `user` or `role`.
```

```js
{
    "name": "permissions",
    "description": "Get or edit permissions for a user or a role",
    "options": [
        {
            "name": "user",
            "description": "Get or edit permissions for a user",
            "type": 2 // 2 is type SUB_COMMAND_GROUP
        },
        {
            "name": "role",
            "description": "Get or edit permissions for a role",
            "type": 2
        }
    ]
}
```

You'll notice that a command like this **will not show up** in the command explorer. That's because groups are effectively "folders" for commands, and we've made two empty folders. So let's continue.

> After we scope our command to the `user` or `role` groups, we want to be able to either `get` or `edit` their permissions. Within the subcommand groups, we can make subcommands for `get` and `edit`:

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
After we scope our subcommand to the `user` or `role` groups, we want to be able to either `get` or `edit` their permissions. Within the subcommand groups, we can make subcommands for `get` and `edit`:
```

I'm not 100% sure though, given you say "scope our command" originally, which might mean it functions as a type of choice.

                    "type": 1, // 1 is type SUB_COMMAND
                    "options": [
                        {
                            "name": "user",
                            "description": "The user to get",
                            "type": 6, // 6 is type USER
                            "required": true
                        },
                        {
                            "name": "channel",
                            "description": "The channel permissions to get",
                            "type": 7, // 7 is type CHANNEL
                            "required": false
                        }
                    ]
                },
                {
                    "name": "edit",
                    "description": "Edit permissions for a user",
                    "type": 1,
                    "options": [
                        {
                            "name": "user",
                            "description": "The user to edit",
                            "type": 6,
                            "required": true
                        },
                        {
                            "name": "channel",

>                             "description": "The channel permissions to edit",

Reviewer 9: Maybe the `description` should mention that if it is left out, the guild permissions will be displayed?

                            "name": "channel",
                            "description": "The channel permissions to edit",
                            "type": 7,
                            "required": false
                        }
                    ]
                }
            ]
        }
    ]
}
```

And, done! The JSON looks a bit complicated, but what we've ended up with is a single command that can be scoped to multiple actions, and then further scoped to a particular resource, and then even _further_ scope with optional arguments. Here's what it looks like all put together.

![A command with grouped subcommands and parameters. It says /permissions user get with arguments for a user and a channel.](command-with-groups-subcommands-parameters.png)

## Endpoints

> info
> For authoriation, all endpoints take either a bot token or client credentials token for your application

## Get Global Application Commands % GET /applications/{application.id#DOCS_TOPICS_OAUTH2/application-object}/commands

Fetch all of the global commands for your application. Returns an array of [ApplicationCommand](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_SLASH_COMMANDS/applicationcommand) objects.

> ## Create Global Application Command % POST /applications/{application.id#DOCS_TOPICS_OAUTH2/application-object}/commands

Reviewer 9: Is there a limit to the payload size for this endpoint? (Hopefully it's large enough, the previous permission example was 1kb minified 😰)

Author: A limit to the payload size for creating commands?

Reviewer 9: Like how there's limits to embeds and whatnot, I guess. I was mostly just asking for the sake of asking, though.

Author: Those limits are mostly just because our `send_message` has a max filesize on it I believe

Create a response to an Interaction from the gateway. Takes an [Interaction response](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_SLASH_COMMANDS/interaction-response).

## Edit Original Interaction Response % PATCH /webhooks/application.id/{interaction.token#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_SLASH_COMMANDS/interaction}/messages/@original

Edits the initial Interaction response. Functions the same as [Edit Webhook Message](#DOCS_RESOURCES_WEBHOOK/edit-webhook-message).

## Delete Original Interaction Response % DELETE /webhooks/application.id/{interaction.token#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_SLASH_COMMANDS/interaction}/messages/@original

Deletes the initial Interaction response. Returns `204` on success.

## Create Followup Message % POST /webhooks/application.id/{interaction.token#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_SLASH_COMMANDS/interaction}

Create a followup message for an Interaction. Functions the same as [Execute Webhook](#DOCS_RESOURCES_WEBHOOK/execute-webhook)

## Edit Followup Message % PATCH /webhooks/application.id/{interaction.token#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_SLASH_COMMANDS/interaction}/messages/{message.id#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/message-object}

> Edits a followup message for an Interaction. Functions the same as [Edit Webhook Message](#DOCS_RESOURCES_WEBHOOK/edit-webhook-message).

Reviewer 10: Does this do the same behavior as setting `wait` to `true` in executing commands?

(meant to put this in *creating* a follow-up message)

Author: Not entirely sure what you mean. Do you mean will it return the message object when creating a followup message?

Reviewer 10: Yeah, that was my question. Meant to say executing webhooks not commands.

> Create a followup message for an Interaction. Functions the same as [Execute Webhook](#DOCS_RESOURCES_WEBHOOK/execute-webhook)

Reviewer 10: Can this use different interaction types (like `ChannelMessageWithSource`) or is it completely restricted to the parameters from webhooks? If it is restricted, will we be able to use `file` in interaction responses or would it only be here?

Reviewer 4: Followups are only webhook messages, types are only for the initial response

Author: Advaith is correct that only the original response supports the different types since any followup message is just like sending a normal message.

I don't believe we support `file` yet, but we should. Had to make some tradeoffs in the architecture to start but definitely noted :)

| choices?    | array of [ApplicationCommandOptionChoice](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_SLASH_COMMANDS/applicationcommandoptionchoice) | choices for `string` and `int` types for the user to pick from                                             |
| options?    | array of [ApplicationCommandOption](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_SLASH_COMMANDS/applicationcommandoption)              | if the option is a subcommand or subcommand group type, this nested options will be the parameters         |

## ApplicationCommandOptionType

| Name              | Value |
|-------------------|-------|
| SUB_COMMAND       | 1     |
| SUB_COMMAND_GROUP | 2     |
| STRING            | 3     |
| INTEGER           | 4     |
| BOOLEAN           | 5     |
| USER              | 6     |
| CHANNEL           | 7     |
| ROLE              | 8     |

## ApplicationCommandOptionChoice

If you specify `choices` for an option, they are the **only** valid values for a user to pick

| Field | Type          | Description         |
|-------|---------------|---------------------|
| name  | string        | name of the choice  |

> | value | string or int | value of the choice |

Reviewer 10: Is there any limit to either `name` or `value` in this case?

Author: Name is 1-100 chars, good catch

> | CHANNEL           | 7     |

Reviewer 11: Is type 7 here any channel, only text channels or voice channels as well?

Reviewer 7: Any channel - from text channels to channel categories.

Author: Any channel within the guild, yes. So no DM channels but everything else including categories, store channels, etc.

## Interaction

An interaction is the base "thing" that is sent when a user invokes a command, and is the same for Slash Commands and other future interaction types

| Field      | Type                              | Description                                             |
|------------|-----------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------|
| id         | snowflake                         | id of the interaction                                   |
| type       | InteractionType                   | the type of interaction                                 |
| data?\*    | ApplicationCommandInteractionData | the command data payload                                |
| guild_id   | snowflake                         | the guild it was sent from                              |
| channel_id | snowflake                         | the channel it was sent from                            |

> | member     | GuildMember                       | guild member data for the invoking user                 |

Reviewer 9: Is this guaranteed to have the `User` attached, unlike `CREATE_MESSAGE`?

Author: Yes the user object is guaranteed

> | token      | string                            | a contintuation token for responding to the interaction |

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
| token      | string                            | a continuation token for responding to the interaction |
```
Wording for the description is a little weird, but it's fine.

###### ApplicationCommandInteractionDataOption

All options have names, and an option can either be a parameter and input value--in which case `value` will be set--or it can denote a subcommand or group--in which case it will contain a top-level key and another array of `options`. 

`value` and `options` are mututally exclusive.

| Field    | Type                                             | Description                                     |
|----------|--------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------|
| name     | string                                           | the name of the parameter                       |
| value?   | OptionType                                       | the value of the pair                           |
| options? | array of ApplicationCommandInteractionDataOption | present if this option is a group or subcommand |

###### Interaction Response

After receiving an interaction, you must respond to acknowledge it. This may be a `pong` for a `ping`, a message, or simply an acknowledgement that you have received it and will handle the command async.

> Interaction responses may choose to "eat" the user's command input if you do not wish to have their slash command show up as message in chat. This may be helpful for slash commands, or commands whose responses are asynchronous or ephemeral messages.

Reviewer 9: I feel "swallow" is the more widely used term here, but "eat" is a fun word.

Author: Yknow, I _knew_ "eat" wasn't quite it but I knew it was some sort of eating-based word. I'm keeping it now though I've become attached :p

| Field | Type                                      | Description                  |
|-------|-------------------------------------------|------------------------------|
| type  | InteractionResponseType                   | the type of response         |
| data? | InteractionApplicationCommandCallbackData | an optional response message |

###### InteractionResponseType

| Name                     | Value | Description                                                       |
|--------------------------|-------|-------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Pong                     | 1     | ACK a `Ping`                                                      |
| Acknowledge              | 2     | ACK a command without sending a message, eating the user's input  |
| ChannelMessage           | 3     | respond with a message, eating the user's input                   |
| ChannelMessageWithSource | 4     | respond with a message, showing the user's input                  |

> | ACKWithSource            | 5     | ACK a command without sending a message, showing the user's input |

Reviewer 9: For both `2` and `5`, if you provide `data` a message still gets sent, which is against the behaviour described here.

Also I would have found a bitflag more intuitive but too late to change that I guess. (`Flag.DisplaySource | Flag.SendMessage` would be `4`, for example. I did this in my repo "slash-worker")

Author: That sounds like a bug, we can investigate.

###### InteractionApplicationCommandCallbackData

Not all message fields are currently supported.

| Name              | Value            | Description                                                                                 |
|-------------------|------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| tts?              | bool             | is the response TTS                                                                         |
| content           | string           | message content                                                                             |
| embeds?           | array of embeds  | supports up to 10 embeds                                                                    |

> | allowed_mentions? | allowed mentions | [allowed mentions](#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/allowed-mentions-object) object                  |

Reviewer 10: From what i've seen, `flags` would be here too.

Author: I've intentionally left `flags` off for now because ephemeral messages aren't quite done (UI-wise) on all platforms.
